[docs][yba] YBA Installer doc enhancements (#19803)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/installer.md

## Prerequisites

- Ensure your machine satisfies the [minimum requirements](../../prerequisites/installer/).
- For production deployments, sudo permissions are required for some YBA Installer commands. (You can use YBA Installer without sudo access, but this is not recommended for production; refer to [Non-sudo installation](#non-sudo-installation).)

## Quick start

To install YugabyteDB Anywhere using YBA Installer, do the following:

1. Obtain your license from Yugabyte Support.
1. Download and extract the YBA Installer by entering the following commands:

    ```sh
    $ wget https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/{{<yb-version version="stable" format="long">}}/yba_installer_full-{{<yb-version version="stable" format="build">}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
    $ tar -xf yba_installer_full-{{<yb-version version="stable" format="build">}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
    $ cd yba_installer_full-{{<yb-version version="stable" format="build">}}/
    ```

> 

Reviewer: At this point - I think we require "root" or "sudo", and need to state that.

Reviewer 2: Adding "root" to this doc is confusing to users and not best practice, so we should leave it at "sudo."

1. Run a preflight check to ensure your environment satisfies the requirements. Respond with `y` when prompted to create a default configuration.

    ```sh
    $ sudo ./yba-ctl preflight
    ```

1. If there are no issues, install the software, providing your license.

    ```sh
    $ sudo ./yba-ctl install -l /path/to/license
    ```

After the install succeeds, you can immediately start using YBA.

> 

Reviewer: If the install fails  due to permissions or lack of "sudo" priviledges, it can be re-tried after doin a 
"yba-ctl clean all" to remove all traces of the previous install attempt.

  ```sh
  /bin/mv, /usr/bin/find, /opt/yugabyte/software/*/pgsql/bin/createdb, /opt/yugabyte/software/*/pgsql/bin/initdb
  ```

## Quick start

To install YugabyteDB Anywhere using YBA Installer, do the following:

1. Obtain your license from Yugabyte Support.
1. Download and extract the YBA Installer by entering the following commands:

    ```sh
    $ wget https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/{{<yb-version version="stable" format="long">}}/yba_installer_full-{{<yb-version version="stable" format="build">}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
    $ tar -xf yba_installer_full-{{<yb-version version="stable" format="build">}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
    $ cd yba_installer_full-{{<yb-version version="stable" format="build">}}/
    ```

1. Using sudo, run a preflight check to ensure your environment satisfies the requirements. Respond with `y` when prompted to create a default configuration.

    ```sh
    $ sudo ./yba-ctl preflight
    ```

1. If there are no issues, using sudo, install the software, providing your license.

    ```sh
    $ sudo ./yba-ctl install -l /path/to/license
    ```

After the installation succeeds, you can immediately start using YBA.

> If the installation fails due to permissions or lack of sudo privileges, you can re-try after running `yba-ctl clean all` to remove all traces of the previous attempt.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the installation fails due to permissions or lack of sudo privileges, you can retry after running `yba-ctl clean all` to remove all traces of the previous attempt.
```

FATAL[2023-04-25T00:14:57Z] createBackup must be run from the installed yba-ctl
```

## Non-sudo installation

YBA Installer also supports a non-sudo installation, where sudo access is not required for any step of the installation. Note that this is not recommended for production use cases.

To facilitate a non-sudo install, YBA Installer will not create any additional users or set up services in systemd. The install will also be rooted in the home directory by default, instead of /opt, ensuring YBA Installer has write access to the base install directory. Instead of using systemd to manage services, basic cron jobs are used to start the services on bootup with basic management scripts used to restart the services after a crash.

> To perform a non-sudo installation, run any of the preceding commands without sudo access. You can't switch between a sudo and non-sudo access installation, and yba-ctl will return an error if sudo is not used when operating in an installation where sud access was used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To perform a non-sudo installation, run any of the preceding commands without sudo access. You can't switch between a sudo and non-sudo access installation, and `yba-ctl` will return an error if sudo is not used when operating in an installation where sudo access was used.
```
